engine: add 23.0.2 release notes (#16966)
docker/docs: engine/release-notes/23.0.md

but the repository doesn't yet use Go modules, and still requires using a "+incompatible" version.
Work continues towards Go module compatibility in a future release.

## 23.0.2

> {% include release-date.html date="2023-03-27" %}

Author: Note to self: update the date as well

Author: done as well

- Fix anonymous volumes created by a `VOLUME` line in a Dockerfile being excluded from volume prune. [moby/moby#45159](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/45159)
- Fix a failure to properly propagate errors during removal of volumes on a Swarm node. [moby/moby#45155](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/45155)
- Temporarily work around a bug in BuildKit `COPY --link` by disabling mergeop/diffop optimization. [moby/moby#45112](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/45112)
- Properly clean up child tasks when a parent Swarm job is removed. [moby/swarmkit#3112](https://github.com/moby/swarmkit/pull/3112), [moby/moby#45107](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/45107)
- Fix Swarm service creation logic so that both a GenericResource and a non-default network can be used together. [moby/swarmkit#3082](https://github.com/moby/swarmkit/pull/3082), [moby/moby#45107](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/45107)
- Fix Swarm CSI support requiring the CSI plugin to offer staging endpoints in order to publish a volume. [moby/swarmkit#3116](https://github.com/moby/swarmkit/pull/3116), [moby/moby#45107](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/45107)

> - Fix a segmentation fault caused by log buffering in some configurations. [containerd/fifo#47](https://github.com/containerd/fifo/pull/47), [moby/moby#45051](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/45051)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix a panic caused by log buffering in some configurations. [containerd/fifo#47](https://github.com/containerd/fifo/pull/47), [moby/moby#45051](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/45051)
```
Lots of prior release notes mention panics, but none of the 20.10 release notes mention segfaults. And we may want to avoid using the phrase "segmentation fault" so we don't get security researchers excited about a nil-dereference panic in a memory-safe language.

- Log errors in the REST to Swarm gRPC API translation layer at the debug level to reduce redundancy and noise. [moby/moby#45016](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/45016)
- Fix a DNS resolution issue affecting containers created with `--dns-opt` or `--dns-search` when `systemd-resolved` is used outside the container. [moby/moby#45000](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/45000)

> - Fix a segmentation fault caused by malformed DNS queries originating from inside a container. [moby/moby#44980](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/44980)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix a panic when logging errors in handling DNS queries originating from inside a container. [moby/moby#44980](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/44980)
```
"Segfault caused by malformed DNS queries" makes it sound like a memory-safety issue in parsing the packet when it's nothing of the sort. The issue was that errors encountered when handling _well-formed_ DNS queries will panic the daemon.

Author: Thx! Updated

- Extend support for Bash completion to all plugins. [docker/cli#4092](https://github.com/docker/cli/pull/4092)
- Fix `docker stack deploy` failing on Windows when special environment variables set by `cmd.exe` are present. [docker/cli#4083](https://github.com/docker/cli/pull/4083)
- Add forward compatibility for future API versions by considering empty image tags to be the same as `<none>`. [docker/cli#4065](https://github.com/docker/cli/pull/4065)
- Atomically write context files to greatly reduce the probability of corruption, and improve the error message for a corrupt context. [docker/cli#4063](https://github.com/docker/cli/pull/4063)

### Packaging

- Upgrade Go to `1.19.7`. [docker/docker-ce-packaging#857](https://github.com/docker/docker-ce-packaging/pull/857), [docker/cli#4086](https://github.com/docker/cli/pull/4086), [moby/moby#45137](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/45137)
- Upgrade `containerd` to `v1.6.19`. [moby/moby#45084](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/45084), [moby/moby#45099](https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/45099)
- Upgrade Buildx to `v0.10.4`. [docker/docker-ce-packaging#855](https://github.com/docker/docker-ce-packaging/pull/855)

> - Upgrade Compose to `v2.17.0`. [docker/docker-ce-packaging#861](https://github.com/docker/docker-ce-packaging/pull/861)

Author: - related: https://github.com/docker/docker-ce-packaging/pull/864

> - Upgrade Compose to `v2.17.0`. [docker/docker-ce-packaging#861](https://github.com/docker/docker-ce-packaging/pull/861)

Author: And must be 2.17.2 now;

- https://github.com/docker/docker-ce-packaging/pull/867

> - Upgrade Compose to `v2.17.0`. [docker/docker-ce-packaging#861](https://github.com/docker/docker-ce-packaging/pull/861)

Author: updated this one
